_modules/week-01.md, before:

---
title: Probability & Statistics
---

Sep 3
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Review: Discrete + Continuous Probability
: - [Notes for Review](../assets/posted/lec2+3.pdf)
: - Reading: Chapters 6.1, 6.2
: **HW Out**{: .label .label-red} [Homework 1](../assets/posted/hw1.pdf)

Sep 8
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Review: Discrete + Continuous Probability
: - [Notes for Review](../assets/posted/lec2+3.pdf)
: - Reading: Chapters 6.3, 6.4

Sep 10
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Fundamentals: Mean and Variance, Gaussian distribution
: - Reading: Chapters 6.4, 6.5

Sep 15
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Fundamentals: Exponential Distributions and Conjugacy
: - Reading: 6.6

Sep 17
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Fundamentals: Concentration inequalities (Markov, Chebyshev, WLLN)

Sep 22
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Example: Generalization bounds

Sep 24
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Example: Generalization bounds

Sep 29
: **Exam**{: .label .label-green } Midterm 1

Commit message:

update week-01.md to reflect updated lecture notes links and enhance lecture titles for clarity

_modules/week-01.md, after:

---
title: Probability & Statistics
---

Sep 3
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Review: Discrete + Continuous Probability
: - [Notes for Review - Updated](../assets/posted/lec2+3.pdf)
: - Reading: Chapters 6.1, 6.2
: **HW Out**{: .label .label-red} [Homework 1](../assets/posted/hw1.pdf)

Sep 8
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Review: Discrete + Continuous Probability
: - [Notes for Review - Updated](../assets/posted/lec2+3.pdf)
: - Reading: Chapters 6.3, 6.4

Sep 10
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Fundamentals: Mean and Variance, Gaussian distribution
: - [Notes for Fundamentals](../assets/posted/lec4+5.pdf)
: - Reading: Chapters 6.4, 6.5

Sep 15
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Fundamentals: Exponential Distributions and Conjugacy
: - [Notes for Fundamentals](../assets/posted/lec4+5.pdf)
: - Reading: 6.6

Sep 17
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Fundamentals: Concentration inequalities (Markov, Chebyshev, WLLN)

Sep 22
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Fundamentals: Concentration inequalities (Sub-gaussian, Hoeffding)

Sep 24
: **Lecture**{: .label .label-purple } Example: Generalization bounds

Sep 29
: **Exam**{: .label .label-green } Midterm 1
